docs: Clarify telemetry disable behavior in Open Source vs Enterprise (#1635)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/getting-started/telemetry.md

## Disabling Telemetry

:::warning[Open Source builds]

> In Spice.ai Open Source builds that include the `anonymous_telemetry` feature (the default), setting `runtime.telemetry.enabled: false` in a Spicepod or passing `--telemetry-enabled=false` **does not** disable anonymous usage telemetry. The runtime will log a warning when these settings are detected but cannot be honored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Spice.ai Open Source builds that include the `anonymous_telemetry` feature (the default), setting `runtime.telemetry.enabled: false` in a Spicepod or passing `--telemetry-enabled=false` **does not** disable anonymous usage telemetry. The runtime will log a warning when these settings are detected but are not applied.
```
